Hello, I'm Jay.
In this lesson,
we will be talking
about a number of
different hyper parameters
and identifying possible
starting values and intuitions
for a number of hyper parameters
that you may have already come
across, and that you'll
need to know in your work
with deep learning.
A hyper parameter is
a variable that we
need to set before
applying a learning
algorithm into a dataset.
The challenge with
hyper parameters
is that there are no magic
numbers that work everywhere.
The best numbers depend on
each task and each dataset.
So in addition to talking
about starting values,
we'll try to touch on
the intuition of why
we'd want to nudge a hyper
parameter one way or another.
Generally speaking, we can
break hyper parameters down
into two categories.
The first category is
optimizer hyper parameters.
These are the
variables related more
to the optimization
and training process
than to the model itself.
These include the learning
rate, the minibatch size,
and the number of training
iterations or epochs.
The second category is
model hyper parameters.
These are the variables
that are more involved
in the structure of the model.
These include the number
of layers and hidden units
and model specific hyper
parameters for architectures
like RNMs.
In the next video, we'll
start with the single most
important hyper parameter
of all, the learning rate.